Log.md, before:

## Research and Progress log
#### ---Saturday August 27th---
* _2:45pm to 3:45pm - Created capstone proposal.  | 1 hr_
* _3:45pm to 4:10pm - create README. | 25 mins_
* _4:10pm to 5:50pm - rough draft component diagram/start todo notes. | 1 hr 40 mins_ 
* _5:50pm to 6:20pm - Read through [this article](https://medium.com/hackernoon/5-ways-to-animate-a-reactjs-app-in-2019-56eb9af6e3bf) to research methods of adding animation to the program. | 30 mins_
* _6:20pm to 6:45pm - Watch [this YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8yn3-WpVV8) about using React Spring to animate components. | 25 mins_
* _10:30pm to 11:15pm - Set up basic file structure and create NewCheck and HomeView components. | 45 mins_
* _11:30pm to 12:30am - Add OpenCheckList component and change button structure/functions. | 1 hr_

### Time: 5 hours 45 mins

#### ---Sunday August 28th---
* _12:30am to 1:20am - Pass dummy checks through OpenChecksList to display on ChecksOpen component | 50 mins_
* _1:30am to 3:10am - Set Up NewCheck page format and some styling. | 1 hr 40mins_ 
* _3:10am to 4:00am - Set up ItemButtons to toggle between size and coffee. | 50 mins_
* _4:00am to 4:40am - Work on creating function to add items to check | 40 mins_

### Time: 4 hours 0 mins

## Total Time: 9 hours 45 mins

Commit message:

add created items to check

Log.md, after:

## Research and Progress log
#### ---Saturday August 27th---
* _2:45pm to 3:45pm - Created capstone proposal.  | 1 hr_
* _3:45pm to 4:10pm - create README. | 25 mins_
* _4:10pm to 5:50pm - rough draft component diagram/start todo notes. | 1 hr 40 mins_ 
* _5:50pm to 6:20pm - Read through [this article](https://medium.com/hackernoon/5-ways-to-animate-a-reactjs-app-in-2019-56eb9af6e3bf) to research methods of adding animation to the program. | 30 mins_
* _6:20pm to 6:45pm - Watch [this YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8yn3-WpVV8) about using React Spring to animate components. | 25 mins_
* _10:30pm to 11:15pm - Set up basic file structure and create NewCheck and HomeView components. | 45 mins_
* _11:30pm to 12:30am - Add OpenCheckList component and change button structure/functions. | 1 hr_

### Time: 5 hours 45 mins

#### ---Sunday August 28th---
* _12:30am to 1:20am - Pass dummy checks through OpenChecksList to display on ChecksOpen component | 50 mins_
* _1:30am to 3:10am - Set Up NewCheck page format and some styling. | 1 hr 40mins_ 
* _3:10am to 4:00am - Set up ItemButtons to toggle between size and coffee. | 50 mins_
* _4:00am to 4:40am - Work on creating function to add items to check | 40 mins_

### Time: 4 hours 0 mins

#### ---Sunday September 11th---
* _11:00pm to 12:00am - Add items from ItemButtons.js to check on NewCheck. | 1 hr_

### Time: 1 hour

## Total Time: 10 hours 45 mins
